TO DO

1.	Create user model
	DONE	a) define validations: user name, first name, last name, email, password all mandatory.
	DONE	b) define validations: unique username, unique email address
	DONE	c) set up model tests
	COVERED BY DEVISE(?)	d) set up controller tests
2.	Set up user registration form
	DONE	a) set up feature tests
	DONE	b) create/update form
3.	Define authentication process.
	DONE	a) use Devise
	DONE	b) set up sign in page
  	DONE	c) define feature tests for sign in success and failure
  	DONE	d) test sign up and sign in in browser to confirm
  	DONE	e) re-direct admin user to Admin page and normal user to dashboard
4.	Create competition model
	DONE	a) Set up model tests
	SOME NOT WORKING - BROWSER TEST WORKS	b) Set up controller tests
	EDIT NOT WORKING - ROUTING NOT WORKING - BROWSER TEST WORKS	c) set up feature tests
5.	Create division model
	DONE	a) Set up model tests
	SOME NOT WORKING - BROWSER TEST WORKS	b) Set up controller tests
	EDIT NOT WORKING - ROUTING NOT WORKING - BROWSER TEST WORKS	c) set up feature tests
	c) adjust competition feature tests
	c) set up associations with competition
6.	Create team model
	a) Set up model tests
	b) Set up controller tests
	c) Set up associations with division and competition
7.	Set up associations
	a) Link competition to division
	b) Link division to team
	c) Link team to user
	
8.	Set up display/edit forms
	a) competition form
	b) allow divisions to be added within competition form
	c) team form
	d) work out how to select created divisions from combo box in team to assign
	e) work out how to select created teams from combo box in player to assign
	
9.	Set up System Admin page
	a) set up section for competitions
	b) clicking on competition will display details
	c) add button to create new competition
	d) add new division via Ajax link...just add division name
	e) clicking on competition from list will drill down and display divisions with list of teams - link to create new team
	f) clicking on team in division list will open team details and list stats & players
	g) show list of unaffiliated players - have ability to link them to team
	h) show message window - ability to broadcast to all team in comp/division, specific team, team managers only
	i) set up section for players
	j) link to add new player...(function to email login details and change password?)
	k) assign player to team
	l) list of unassociated players
10.	Set up user dashboard view, including user profile section
	a) add link to user profile
11.	Set up user profile display.


